No sir, are you menopausal?
How do I know where your son is?
And it was you who pulled me over just now
Xiao Rui is your son
Otherwise it's your son
How do you prove that you are his father?
You don't know who I am?
I didn't have to lie to you.
This man looks familiar
Seems to have seen it somewhere
Hey, hey, hey.
This one.
Seems to know
But one code is one code.
Do you have anything to prove to Xiao Rui?
Intimacy stuff
Like a group photo
Nope.
There's no need to risk his status as a child
As a father
I don't even have a photo of my son
The waiter is in room 1515
He's been in the hospital for a month, miss
Hey, that lady
I'm really sorry.
Xiaoshuai is also missing
Lin Shao has used all his connections to find Xiao Shao
I can't find it for more than a month
Zero is somewhat gaffe
Please bear with me.
And thank you.
I have more than a month of care and harvest for Xiaoshuai
Oh, we Lingshi must be in danger
This is us tomorrow is awesome
No
That's a spiritual thing.